= RightScale Repo Resource

== DESCRIPTION:

This cookbook provides abstract 'repo' resource for managing code download from GIT, SVN or ROS code repositories.


== DETAILS:

=== General
This cookbook is intended to be used in conjunction with cookbooks that contain
Lightweight Providers which implement the 'repo' interface. See the RightScale
repo_git cookbook for an example.

For more about Lightweight Resources and Providers (LWRPs), please see the Chef
wiki at: http://wiki.opscode.com/display/chef/Lightweight+Resources+and+Providers+%28LWRP%29
  
== REQUIREMENTS:

*  One of 'repo' provider: 'repo_git', 'repo_svn' or 'repo_ros' cookbooks must be present in your cookbook repository
*  Ros implementation depends on either the 'rs_utils::install_tools' or 'rs_tools:default' recipe


== SETUP:

* Place repo::default recipe into your runlist to setup the repo resource.  When
  using a RightScale ServerTemplate, this will also automatically add the
  required attributes to your ServerTemplate inputs.


== USAGE:

=== General
* Add 'repo' resource call in your recipe and provide all required parameters.
* Add 'destination' and 'action' attributes to your 'repo' resource.

* Set desired action for your 'repo' resource
  It can be :pull or :capistrano_pull
  :pull - perform basic 'repo' action, just pulling your code from remote repo.
  :capistrano_pull - performs pulling and backup of yuor code, see: http://wiki.opscode.com/display/chef/Deploy+Resource#DeployResource-TheDeployStrategies

=== Examples

:pull Example:

repo 'default' do
  destination '/tmp/repo'
  action :pull
end

:capistrano_pull Example:

repo 'default' do
  destination '/tmp/repo'
  action :capistrano_pull
  app_user                    'rightscale' #owner of created repo directories
  purge_before_symlink        %w{tmp} #An array of paths, relative to app root, to be removed from a checkout before symlinking
  create_dirs_before_symlink  %w{log dir2}  #A hash that maps files in the shared directory to their paths in the current release
  symlinks                    ({}) #A hash that maps files in the shared directory to their paths in the current release
  environment                 ({}) #A hash of the form {'ENV_VARIABLE'=>'VALUE'}
end

=== SVN options:
  svn_username                Svn username
  svn_password                Svn password

=== ROS options:
  storage_account_provider    S3 or Cloudfiles currently supported
  storage_account_id          'Amazon account id' #For Amazon S3, use your Amazon access key ID (e.g., cred:AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID). For Rackspace Cloud Files, use your Rackspace login username (e.g., cred:RACKSPACE_USERNAME).
  storage_account_secret      'Amazon account password' # For Amazon S3, use your AWS secret access key (e.g., cred:AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY). For Rackspace Cloud Files, use your Rackspace account API key (e.g., cred:RACKSPACE_AUTH_KEY).
  container                   'Your_bucket' #For Amazon S3, use the bucket name. For Rackspace Cloud Files, use the container name.
  prefix                      'source.tar.gz' #Defines the prefix of the source repo file name that will be used to name the downloaded repo file.


= LICENSE

Copyright RightScale, Inc. All rights reserved.  All access and use subject to the
RightScale Terms of Service available at http://www.rightscale.com/terms.php and,
if applicable, other agreements such as a RightScale Master Subscription Agreement.
