= RightScale App Cookbook

== DESCRIPTION:

RightScale application server management cookbook

This cookbook contains recipes that generally applicable to all application
servers.

Initialized App resource and its actions cover default set of operations, required for typical application server setup.

More detailed info you can find in app::* recipes description.

== REQUIREMENTS:

Requires a VM launched from a RightScale managed RightImage
 Corresponding app providers

== SETUP:

In order to use App resource, you must create corresponding providers in your app server cookbook.
See for example app_passenger, app_php or app_tomcat cookbooks.

You must define app attributes which will be used in initialized app[default] resource
Required attributes:
  node[:app][:provider] = "app_passenger"
Recommended:
  node[:app][:destination]
  node[:app][:port]
  node[:app][:root]
  node[:app][:database_name]
  node[:app][:database_user]
  node[:app][:database_password]
  node[:app][:database_sever_fqdn]
More detailed description of these attribute variables is located in resource file description.

== USAGE:

1. Add the default recipe to tag your server as an appserver. This is used by
   servers (like databases) to identify their clients.
2. Add desired app::do_* recipes to your application server ServerTemplate
3. Develop corresponding providers in your application server cookbook.
4. Define required and recommended attributes in your application server cookbook attributes file.

 == DETAILS:

Note: app[default] resource uses "persist true" flag, which allow to save created resource and its attributes in memory for future use.

== KNOWN LIMITATIONS:

1. node[:app][:provider] must be defined
2. app::default recipe must be present in ServerTemplate boot section.

= LICENSE

Copyright RightScale, Inc. All rights reserved.  All access and use subject to the
RightScale Terms of Service available at http://www.rightscale.com/terms.php and,
if applicable, other agreements such as a RightScale Master Subscription Agreement.
