= RightScale System Firewall Cookbook 

== DESCRIPTION:

RightScale firewall cookbook  

Built upon the opscode iptables cookbook, this coobook provides a LWRP
for managing access to mutliple servers in a deployment using machine 
tags.

== DETAILS:

== REQUIREMENTS:

Requires a VM launched from a RightScale managed RightImage 

== SETUP:

== USAGE:

 * Use the default recipe in conjunction with the 'Firewall' input to 
   enable or disable iptables.

 * Use setup_rule recipe for enabling/disabling specific ports.

=== Updating firewall rules using tags*

==== Update Action
To open a local port to all servers with a given tag use:

  sys_firewall "Open this database's ports to all appservers" do
    machine_tag "appserver:active=true"
    port 3306
    enable true
    action :update
  end
  
This can be useful as a server is booting to open up access for multiple 
systems at once.

==== Update Request Action
To request all servers with a given tag close a port to a given IP address use:

  sys_firewall "Request all appservers close ports to this loadbalancer" do
    machine_tag "loadbalancer:app=www"
    port 8000
    enable false
    ip_addr node[:cloud][:private_ips][0]
    action :update_request
  end
  
This can be useful when decommissioning a running server that had previously
requested ports opened.

  
* all tag based actions are scoped to the deployment

== KNOWN LIMITATIONS

= LICENSE

Copyright RightScale, Inc. All rights reserved.  All access and use subject to the
RightScale Terms of Service available at http://www.rightscale.com/terms.php and,
if applicable, other agreements such as a RightScale Master Subscription Agreement.
