= RightScale Database Manager for MySQL  

== DESCRIPTION:

Provides the MySQL implementation of the 'db' resource to install and 
manage MySQL database stand-alone servers and clients.


== DETAILS

The 'db' implementation is defined by a Lightweight Provider, which can be 
found in the providers/default.rb file.

The majority of the functionality of the MySQL provider is encapsulated 
in the premium rightscale_tools gem, however, there are currently a handful
of recipes that can be used without it. See 'Public Recipes' in the USAGE
section below.


== REQUIREMENTS:

* Requires a VM launched from a RightScale managed RightImage 

* Tested on CentOS 5.6 RightImage

* Supports MySQL 5.1 

* Needs RightScale Premium ServerTemplate tools gem installed on system.
  This gem is only available for paid RightScale customers.
  Please contact sales@rightscale.com to upgrade you account.


== SETUP:

* Place db::default recipe into your runlist to setup the db resource.  When
  using a RightScale ServerTemplate, this will also automatically add the 
  common database attributes to your ServerTemplate inputs.
   
* Also, place the db_mysql::default recipe into your runlist to load the
  MySQL provider, tuning parameters, as well as other MySQL specific 
  attributes in as inputs.

== USAGE:

=== Basic usage
Once setup, use the recipes in the 'db' cookbook to install and manage your
MySQL database servers and clients.  See the db/README.rdoc for usage 
details.


=== MySQL Tuning and my.cnf

Custom tuning parameters can be applied by overriding the mysql_tuning.rb
attributes file.  For more information and an example override repository
please see:

  https://github.com/ekargard/cookbooks_override/tree/master/cookbooks/db_mysql
  

=== Public Recipes
Here is the list of db recipes that can be used without the preimum 
rightscale_tools gem:

* db::default
* db::install_client
* db::install_server
* db::setup_monitoring
* db::setup_privileges_admin
* db::setup_privileges_application
* db::do_appserver_allow
* db::do_appserver_deny
* db::request_appserver_allow
* db::request_appserver_deny

These recipes are used by the RightScale LAMP ServerTemplate.


== KNOWN LIMITATIONS

* none


   

