= RightScale App Passenger Cookbook

== DESCRIPTION:

* Cookbook provides apache+passenger implementation of the app LWRP.
* Installs and configures, apache+passenger application server.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* Requires a VM launched from a RightScale managed RightImage
* Tested on CentOS 5.6 RightImage
* Tested on Ubuntu 10.04 RightImage

== SETUP:

* Place app_passenger::default recipe into your runlist to setup the application 
  server. Since this sets up the app provider, it must be run before the 
  app::default recipe (which expects a provider to already be set)
* When using a RightScale ServerTemplate, this will also automatically add the
  common attributes to your ServerTemplate inputs.

== USAGE:

* Template can be combined in two modes:

  1 For apps with bundler support
    You have to add "install_required app gems" recipe, and "run_custom_rails_commands" for migration commands
  2 For apps without bundler support
    You have to add "install_custom_gems"  recipe, and "run_custom_rails_commands" for migration commands
  Anyway you can mix these recipes to fit needs of your project.

== KNOWN LIMITATIONS

* none

== DETAILS

RubyEE packages coming from official RubyEE project page
http://code.google.com/p/rubyenterpriseedition/downloads/detail?name=ruby-enterprise-1.8.7-2011.03.tar.gz&can=2&q=
configured and packed for Ubuntu CentOS and RHEL.

= LICENSE

Copyright RightScale, Inc. All rights reserved.  All access and use subject to the
RightScale Terms of Service available at http://www.rightscale.com/terms.php and,
if applicable, other agreements such as a RightScale Master Subscription Agreement.
