= RightScale Database Manager

== DESCRIPTION:

This cookbook provides a set of database recipes used by the RightScale 
Database Manager ServerTemplates.

This cookbook does not contain a specific database implementation, rather 
it provides an interface for general database actions and parameters.


== DETAILS:

=== General
The 'db' interface is defined by a Lightweight Resource, which can be found in
the resources/default.rb file.

This cookbook is intended to be used in conjunction with cookbooks that contain
Lightweight Providers which implement the 'db' interface. See the RightScale 
db_mysql cookbook for an example.

For more about Lightweight Resources and Providers (LWRPs), please see the Chef
wiki at:
  
  http://wiki.opscode.com/display/chef/Lightweight+Resources+and+Providers+%28LWRP%29
  
=== Backup/Restore
This cookbook depends on the block_device LWRP for backup and restore 
actions.  See db::do_backup and db::do_restore recipes for examples.  The 
block_device cookbook in RightScale's cookbooks_premium repository
provides primary and secondary persistence solutions for multiple clouds.

However, using LWRPs one can provide their own block_device implementation
instead.  

Please see RightScale's premium block_device cookbook for the list of 
available actions, attributes and usage.

      
== REQUIREMENTS:

* Must be used with a 'db' provider in the cookbook path.
* Depends on a 'block_device' resource for backup and restore recipes. 

     
== SETUP:
   
* Place db::default recipe into your runlist to setup the db resource.  When
  using a RightScale ServerTemplate, this will also automatically add the 
  common database attributes to your ServerTemplate inputs.
   
* The default recipe for the cookbook that contains the db provider must also
  be added to your runlist. For example:
  
    db_mysql::default 
    
  This will load your provider and pull in any database specific attributes 
  as inputs.

== USAGE:

=== Initialize a master database:

1. Once your VMs is operational, run the:
   
    "db::setup_block_device"
    
   recipe. This will initialize your database onto a block device
   that supports backup and restore operations. 
2. Initialize your database from previous dumpfile or other source.
3. Register your database with a Dynamic DNS provider using:
#TODO update to reflect DNS changes made

    "sys_dns::do_set_private"
   
   to allow you application servers to start making connections.
4. Backup your database using:

    "db:do_backup"
    
   to allow restoring the master database in case of failure or
   planned termination.
   
=== Restore a master database:

1. Once your VMs is operational, run the:
   
    "db::do_restore"
    
   recipe. This will restore your database from a backup previously saved to
   persistent cloud storage. 
3. Register your database with a Dynamic DNS provider using:

    "sys_dns::do_set_private"
   
   to allow you application servers to start making connections.


== KNOWN LIMITATIONS:

* Currently only one db provider should be present in your cookbook path.
* The 'appserver_allow' and 'appserver_deny' recipes require VMs managed 
  by the RightScale platform to run.
  
   
== PROVIDERS:

When writing your own database Lightweight Provider:

* The database provider to use is defined by node[:db][:provider] attribute, 
  you will need to override this. You can do so by adding: 
   
    set[:db][:provider] = "db_myprovider"
    
  in the attributes file of your provider cookbook.
  
* Any database specific attributes that you wish to make user configurable 
  should be added to the cookbook metadata with the default recipe included in
  the attribute's 'recipes' array.  For more about Chef metadata, please see
  the Chef wiki at:
  
    http://wiki.opscode.com/display/chef/Metadata
   
* Your provider cookbook metadata should depend on this cookbook by
  added a 'depends' line to your metadata. For example:
  
    depends "db"
    


= LICENSE

Copyright RightScale, Inc. All rights reserved.  All access and use subject to the
RightScale Terms of Service available at http://www.rightscale.com/terms.php and,
if applicable, other agreements such as a RightScale Master Subscription Agreement.
